<div xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <h3>Release Notes</h3>
  <h4>v0.4.3</h4>
  <ul>
    <li><strong>AI Markup Diagnostics:</strong> Added clearer cross-platform diagnostics for AI Markup request, credential, model, endpoint, and connectivity failures.</li>
    <li><strong>Sanitized Troubleshooting:</strong> Added sanitized diagnostic capture and export for support sharing.</li>
    <li><strong>Support Menu:</strong> Added <code>User Manual</code> and <code>About</code> to the gear menu, with installed-version and release-note visibility.</li>
  </ul>
  <h4>v0.4.2</h4>
  <ul>
    <li><strong>Error Display:</strong> Fixed error messages to show actual API error text instead of a generic invalid-response message.</li>
  </ul>
  <h4>v0.4.1</h4>
  <ul>
    <li><strong>API Endpoint Update:</strong> Updated CBRD API to the production endpoint.</li>
    <li><strong>Error Handling:</strong> Improved error message parsing for responses that provide a <code>msg</code> field.</li>
  </ul>
  <h4>v0.4.0</h4>
  <ul>
    <li><strong>Ref-to-Link Action:</strong> Convert selected <code>&lt;ref&gt;</code> elements to CBRD links and replace existing <code>&lt;ptr&gt;</code> safely.</li>
    <li><strong>CBRD Preferences:</strong> Configurable endpoint, referer, and timeout settings.</li>
    <li><strong>Validation and Errors:</strong> Clear feedback for invalid selections, missing components, and API failures.</li>
  </ul>
  <h4>v0.3.0</h4>
  <ul>
    <li><strong>Complete Java Migration:</strong> Migrated the implementation from JavaScript to pure Java for better performance and reliability.</li>
    <li><strong>Enhanced UTF-8 Tools:</strong> Improved file-encoding validation and conversion with automatic backup creation.</li>
  </ul>
  <h4>v0.2.3</h4>
  <ul>
    <li>Oxygen integrated options/preferences page for setting the fine-tuned LLM models and API key.</li>
  </ul>
  <h4>v0.2.2</h4>
  <ul>
    <li>Options saved with Oxygen's <code>wsOptionsStorage</code> approach.</li>
    <li>API key saved and retrieved with better security by Oxygen's <code>secretOption</code>.</li>
  </ul>
  <h4>v0.2.1</h4>
  <ul>
    <li>Fixed an API-key handling issue that caused an error after saving options.</li>
  </ul>
  <h4>v0.2.0</h4>
  <ul>
    <li>Added multi-language support for the plugin.</li>
    <li>Added a custom options/preferences page for LLM models and API key configuration.</li>
  </ul>
  <h4>v0.1.0</h4>
  <ul>
    <li>Initial AI-driven markup for unmarked references.</li>
    <li>Initial TEI tag-removal support.</li>
  </ul>
</div>
